Muscle it was not meant to be.
So I mean to me this is the first practical lecture about Auckland TV And just to explain the roadmap.
First of all I'm going to start with presenting some of the most important features and functionalities
of open CV through illustrative examples and demonstrations and later on I would present how images
are presented and dressed and how they can be handled by open Zeevi for further processing.
So the next couple of lectures I will be talking about your CV without us and then I will talk about
how easy it was to integrate the two us and how images collected from rest of us can be read and assessed
by open civil liberties.
One of the basic functions of our policy is to open and see images from fights so let's see how it works.
So let us open with you your code and your interest essentially projects that open up and copy that.
So this is a very basic Python script in open Zilly that allows you to see an image from a find and
then save it in another way.
So first of all looking at the directory will be the perception.
So here we have images.
We have an image of our image and you have just image and black and white image.
And this is exactly logical copy where the copy are going to be based.
So let me remove these copies first so I will not have any image images copy.
And then let's look at the screen.
So first of all you have to import.
No pipe no pipe is a data structure that can handle the image.
So it is a library for scientific computing and it can handle multi-dimensional arrays the structure
is going to store all the pixel values of an image and then we open we import the import TV2.
And finally so that specifying the image that you want to read is equal to three.
OK.
And then we would call the method CB2 which is imported but I.
Emily means imagery and then you have to specify the path to the image.
So here I'm going to read the image in the file the images and image names just look at this one so
this is not the font image.
This is leader G-B.
Then it opens you can create a window where to display the image so it will that name a window as if
by the name of the window.
I'm just going to call it image.
And here we have the flexibility that window normally.
It means we can resize manually the window.
And finally we get an order in order to show the image.
So here I am Scholomance image so we're going to show this image and this is the name of the window
where we display the image.
And finally we will wait for the key to be pressed when the key is pressed execute the order.
Silly to do am right.
And then we will write a copy of the image and the copies.
Look now before the copy does not contain anything.
Now let me execute the code.
And here there are several ways on how we can execute the code.
So now I'm interested censures folder so I can go to as I see Gothic 3 in here I have all the different
Python scripts so I can run them so one way to run is to use Python and then the name of the file.
So now the name of the find is open copy.
OK so this is now the image display again displayed by the command and show.
So and this is the name of the window image and this is the image display.
And now looking at the copy for.
So there is nothing.
And I press a key.
So let me press you now.
And then this for months if you do that I am right.
It's going to be executed and we have no copy.
So three copies of the same image copy again.
So you can see it on the CD you are able to open an image when needed and then displayed on a window.
And also we can copy the image file.
We can also execute the same code but differently.
So instead of writing Python and then the name of the script we can just type the name of the script
that it is so open can be like this.
OK Doc slash open copy.
Ms.
Executing the copy the script in the current directory and then it's going to be executed.
OK so that's a key but of course this one only works when you have this command in the first line of
this.
So if I remove this comment here because this what it does about what kind of sleep is going to be used
for this fight.
So if I remove it and you won't do exactly that like this it's not going to work because we did not
specify the type of the screen.
However if we use Python and then upon copy is going to work.
So now it depends on how you want to execute it.
But if you want to execute without using Python so you have to specify the type of the script here as
a python in the first line as a comment like yes it's possible to run it without using a restaurant
because this script is actually doesn't make much difference.
Exactly.
And you are not necessarily inside the cup in workspace.
It can be executed in any location because it's just a Python script.
It doesn't have to do with cross over.
You can still use the recently executed if you want run all those sensors and then that ended the skip
just copy up and copy OK and also execute because the sun is going also to run by the.
These are the three different ways on how we can and by asking.
So in this video I have presented the code to open and read an image from a file and house it to a fight.
But now we want to know what is inside this image.
What is the content of the image.
And this is the objective of the next lecture.